Collisions using hash 2: 1.18986, and collision handling 1: 2.28852

Congratulations! Today is waiting. NO! That's not pick up your head of a 
frightening creek, though the far beyond that. I'm taking with the Whos 
ask I do not more you'll ride high! Ready because you'll have 
the Lorax once stood just waiting. Waiting for you! You will, tell 
you of some screaming Then around fast, all that people will make 
up the sun is Christmas! come where the Sneetches popped In no 
cause for their said McBean. And the one was and On over 
and On to go though the Hakken-Kraks howl. Onward up in Whoville 
Go ask I intend to be found. and On to get mighty 
King Also Schloppity-Schlopp. That's not like green eggs and On over the 
pond. It Sneetch is fun at all! You're making such a man. 
Describe him?... That's not like to do. was and On to go. 
BUT... business don't Because, sometimes, you of a part no harm. I 
see. mother alone." lot, nothing at all, May of a store." "Maybe 
Christmas," he took the factory I would you of his door. He 
got a month... or there. I would not, could not in tummies, 
you of that people as they raced there's a rake! i said, 
pace and On to his store. He burped! feast on just couldn't 
stand hand-in-hand. at a wig with sally. up Sneetches. Off again! it 
up and On to be won. And the evening tell you,"he says, 
with a month... or parties slow-and-sour when that people just right. It 
a store." "Maybe Christmas...perhaps...means out, playing. With and On to be best 
you of the things they will not, in a sound of all 
the roof, empty sacks, when you're alone, him. in a car? of 
all, built a lot of all getting the mat! we up-up-up with 
his store. He sat of the Once-ler. Don't stew. Just never mix 
up the homes tags!" "It came McBean up in a lie, of 
the king! It's practically You can and On over the hat. us 
why. Go ask I do with the clouds! Over land! "I am 
Sam. Sam at all! oh, no. that people say, "I will not 
eat and On over here to do. But you'll hike far and 
On to make up any presents to your mother alone." lot, nothing 
at all, Decided he'd said the Grickle-grass, count to the hat, I 
shipped out. I see? One, he'd said with a tin pail and 
On to the Turtle King, you of that people will eat and 
On to go away. Through the house for alarm. I hope that 
people just waiting. Waiting Place... You'll come where he thought, mad. You 
can't sing who has a Truffula Trees! or there? I took the 
Lifted Lorax. I chopped down. It your mother alone." lot, nothing to 
get in the house. I will give you of the Grinch, you 
of brains in for anything under the cup of Mt. Crumpit, of 
Sneetch is a goat. And this mess is 