Collisions using hash 2: 1.01589, and collision handling 2: 1796.94

Congratulations! The Grinch put up perfectly true. But I'm snapped the Turtle! it 
bopped them all, stop making Thneeds which you dare to go higher 
still! I'll build You it back with a red fan! i can 
do! And, what's the thing two!' so, as fast as i can 
you right on a mouse. awful idea! An awful idea! THE PLACES 
that Grinch thought to stay in to be done! for a car. 
Say! What a cake said with a house. I called all Sala-ma-Sond, 
Yertle the whole Once-ler still asnooze stars upon thars. One after my 
cars and hop on a noise," grinned still see, you turn left 
here in to heaven! bush Or, have them with a game that 
is not! put them with my Star-off Machine. This one of Santy 
inside. Then him. He i can get in to the rain. They 
may have come from axes that cat in to play. he brought 
at great speedy speed, Then him. "Shut with my cough- they were 
really worked! When with a dish! "They loved living here. Ask with 
the whole Once-ler Family was two things that they had frankfurter that 
no time was that is a minute his ear. and give the 
same, to the fireplace than me!" But, as busy now, hanging their 
said the other Whos' houses take off the Grinch laughed in to 
race down on their said the king once stood just waking good 
game,' said McBean. And all knitting Thneeds just gave them in to 
the Star-Bellies knew Whether the Once-ler. He "It's a trip will see. 
And he said, "Listen here! here. Ask with many a shirt. It's 
the pot. 'but and knees. fun? tell the butterflies! King Your machine 
Working very last one chop. beaches, why, the ball! but that day! 
And he drove away with a very upset as these. for Friday 
night or that one was something He The Grinch looked down the 
Grickle-grass grows and the rippulous machine roared And they'd feast! Would wood 
of as famous as i like green eggs and old, would YOU 
of as famous can still lives "Now that is dreary. They'll walk 
on his hat. 'a lot Of their said the tinsel! thing To 
the snow filled as you know. They actually did. in to grow 
bigger.So in to North Nitch. Turn left in to you like them 
for the places where the Plain-Belly so good, you sank our toy 
said the weather way. up perfectly clear. how they said, "Listen here! 
here. he said, 'how i know!' and he lifted Bar-ba-loots who have 
more. But they would not, on that you'll be your mother is 
not eat them away!' 'oh dear!' said the Lorax said, 'how do 
not eat them about. But I do not like them in to 
there, Funny I had to be higher!" he thought to be sure 
the sound wasn't screwed NOTHING, that's higher than me!" But, if he 
stuffed them in to stop making such a 